Add client credentials flow example to readme (#640)
panva/node-openid-client: docs/README.md

- `body`: `<Object>`
  - `grant_type`: `<string>`

>   - other standard properties like `resource` (RFC 8707), or non-standard properties like `audience` may be provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - other properties may be provided depending on the grant in question
```
